# Faking It
## CIFAKE
CIFAKE was made this year to create a dataset of a few categories of images that are both real and generated by an AI. The goal of these are to create a dataset that can be used to train discriminators that can discern whether an image is true or not [1]. With this in mind, the dataset is available for download on kaggle dataset. With this done, I lazily applied my standad technique of sicking fine_tune on the function in order to make a dataset and found it got an accuracy of 96.7% using resnet18 and 10 epochs. Not bad!

## It can be better though
This means we can delve in to the muddy waters of hyperparameters! A hyperparameter is any paramater of the model that isn't related to the model's weights, often relating to its structure or training. We decided to test over some variants of hyperparamaters to see how much better of a result we could get. Firstly, we reduced the amount of training and validation data down to 30% of the original. This was done in order to increase the training time to a reasonable amount for quick experimentation. Next, we decided to see how we would go with three different types of resnet:
| Model    | Resnet18 | Resnet34 | Resnet50 |
|----------|----------|----------|----------|
| Error | 0.0565   | 0.4633   | 0.038667 |
In this case Error is 1- Accuracy. Thus, a lower number is better
As expected the increase in the size of the model also increases the accuracy, with a slight negative impact of training data, this reflects what is expected from the literature [2]. 

## A robot in disguise?
We look to transform the data as it is expected to increase the accuracy [3]. By slightly changing the orientation, stretch , flipping and other small changes, we effectively increase our training and validation data for no extra cost potentially increasing our return! This is what not whatwe got!. With the limited dataset, when trained on resnet18 with the limited dataset which has had the flip, rotate, brightness, contrast, warp, zoom and normalize was run. We got an accuracy of 94% whcih is surprising. Goes to show research doesn't always reflect the what can be found in the real world.



## Sources
1:https://arxiv.org/abs/2303.1412
2: https://arxiv.org/abs/1512.03385
3: https://journalofbigdata.springeropen.com/counter/pdf/10.1186/s40537-019-0197-0.pdf
[1]: https://arxiv.org/abs/2303.1412
[2]: https://arxiv.org/abs/1512.03385
[3]: https://journalofbigdata.springeropen.com/counter/pdf/10.1186/s40537-019-0197-0.pdf